v0 coexistence and data type extensibility (#64)
UAVCAN/specification: specification/dsdl/serialization.tex

handed over for transmission over the UAVCAN network
(or any other destination which does not support bit-level data granularity).

\subsubsection{Implicit truncation of excessive data}

When a serialized representation is deserialized, implementations shall silently\footnote{%
    I.e., without registering an error of any kind.

> } ignore any excessive (unused) data remaining upon deserialization, irrespective of its amount.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
} ignore any excessive (unused) data remaining upon deserialization.
```

> One of the consequences of the above requirement is that the transport layer will be able to introduce

Reviewer: This paragraph should use non-normative formatting.

> One of the consequences of the above requirement is that the transport layer will be able to introduce

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As a consequence of the above requirement the transport layer can introduce
```

> additional padding at the end of the serialized representation to satisfy its data size granularity constraints.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
additional padding at the end of a serialized representation to satisfy data size granularity constraints.
```

The specifics of such padding behavior fall outside of the scope of the DSDL specification
as they belong to the domain of network transports rather than data presentation.

> Another consequence is that a serialized representation constructed from an instance of type $B$ can be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Because of Implicit truncation a serialized representation constructed from an instance of type $B$ can be
```

    \begin{minted}{python}
        float32 parameter
        float32 variance
    \end{minted}

    Let $A$ be a structural supertype of $B$, being defined as follows:

    \begin{minted}{python}
        float32 parameter
    \end{minted}

    Then the serialized representation of $X$ can be deserialized into an instance of $A$.

    The implicit truncation rule is introduced to permit extension of data types by introducing additional fields
    without breaking backward compatibility with existing deployments,
    and to permit introduction of more specific derived types while retaining compatibility with their base types.
    The topic of data type compatibility is explored in detail in section \ref{sec:dsdl_versioning}.
\end{remark}

\subsubsection{Implicit zero extension of missing data}

For the purposes of deserialization routines,
the serialized representation of any instance of any data type shall be considered to contain an implicit
sequence of trailing zero (0) bits of infinite length.

Despite this rule, implementations are not allowed to intentionally truncate trailing zeros
upon construction of a serialized representation of an object\footnote{%

>     Intentional truncation is prohibited because in a future revision of the specification the implicit zero

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Intentional truncation is prohibited because in a future, major revision of the specification the implicit zero
```

Author: It doesn't have to be major because this change would not violate backward compatibility with existing systems.

Reviewer: Okay.

    extension rule may be removed.
    If intentional truncation were allowed, removal of the implicit zero extension rule would have
    broken backward compatibility.
}.

\begin{remark}
    This example assumes that the reader is familiar with the variable-length array serialization rules,

>     explained later in this section.

Reviewer: can we link to that section here?

    Let the data type $A$ be defined as follows:

    \begin{minted}{python}
        uint8 scalar
    \end{minted}

    Let $X$ be an instance of $A$, where the value of \verb|scalar| is 4.
    Let the data type $B$ be defined as follows:

    \begin{minted}{python}
        uint8[<256] array
    \end{minted}

    Then the serialized representation of $X$ can be deserialized into an instance of $B$ where the field
    \verb|array| contains a sequence of four zeros: $0, 0, 0, 0$.

>     The implicit truncation rule is introduced to permit extension of data types by introducing additional fields

Reviewer: This paragraph seems misplaced. Should it appear at the start of this section?

Author: Sorry, this got messed up. Fixed.
